{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh18620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs76 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Music in the world\ulnone \

\fs36 \

\f1\b0 Experience your favorite songs, new, everytime!\
\
Ways this can work:\
\
1. Give user the choice of how they want to mix their sound environment into the music. (Noise Cancellation, AH-filters)\
	- The effects are either:\
		- Generic, e.g. reverb/delay (
\f0\b non-reactive
\f1\b0 )\
		- Dynamics based sidechain effects (
\f0\b reactive to music
\f1\b0 )\
		  e.g. compressor, gate, auto filter, auto pan\
\
2. Automate the process by baking the filter information in the song itself. \
	a. Monitor sound environment and turn on filter 	combinations based on detected sounds (Sound Classifier)\
	b. Design custom \'91keyframes\'92 in music playback to trigger 	AH-filters to be automated on the listener\'92s environment\
\

\f0\b\fs26 \'85 Down the road\

\f1\b0\fs36 \
	c. Pair music keyframes with AR visuals\
	\
	\

\f0\b These methods should also work well under health/sleep themes
\f1\b0 \
	- Make the environment \'93breathe\'94 using AutoPan + 	AutoFilter + Reverb. \
	- Adjust rate based on:\
		- Musical content\
		- Biometrics (heart rate, blood pressure?)\
		- Environmental noise level.\
\
\
\

\f0\b Just some thoughts\'85\
\

\f1\b0 - Sometimes when we are annoyed by certain sounds, it\'92s because of the persistence of it. If the sound is altered/changed in some way, we might find them actually quite interesting. \
\
- Even noise cancellation can get \'93tiring/boring\'94 after long duration of use. Can the Augmented Hearing experience step in to offer some value/excitement that\'92s beyond a static \'93guitar pedal\'94 toy experience? \
\
- Perhaps redefine the problem:\
	Music makers! We know how carefully everything in your music is designed and mixed together. But you can\'92t escape the fact that more and more people are listening to your music on headphones, OUTSIDE. Though noise cancellation helps listeners enjoy your music better, some noise will still come through. What if we give you the opportunity to shape the outside sounds as well? So that they can be part of your music? You can decide to simple cancel them, and we\'92ll tune them down as much as we can, but you can also do simple things like adding reverb, delays, or even sidechain compress them, as people listen to your music. You can even add more creative effects like reversing, pitchshifting, and time-stretching as you like. So you can have an \'93OUTSIDE\'94 version of your song! This is exactly what Bose \'93Augmented Music\'94 allows you to do. Skeptical? Let\'92s hear what it sounds like!\
\
\
\

\f0\b Potential\

\f1\b0 - Changes the conception of listening to music with noise cancelling headphones. Instead of an isolating/alienating experience, Augmented Music invites you to stay connected to your environment in completely new ways. \
\
- Wearing headphones that adapts noise cancellation to music can be a unique advantage to Bose since it leverages Bose\'92s strength of ANC. \
\
\

\f0\b Techniques\

\f1\b0 - Reminiscence \
	(bluring background sounds at specific moments of music)\
\
- Strange/Eerie/Spooky\
	(various ways of reversing the sounds)\
\
- In the moment\
	(side chain compressing/filtering the music to the beat\
\
- Slow Motion Effect?\
\
- \
\
\

\f0\b Demo Ideas:\

\f1\b0 - Movie soundtrack + environment augmentation (Inception)\
- Songs that have lots of effects already (Radiohead)\
- Meditation/Breathing exercises. \
- Rhythmic modulations of effects affected on real world. (LR channel 16th note swapping)\
\
\
\

\f0\b Challenges:\

\f1\b0 \
\ul 1. Technical\ulnone \
	- Real world sounds are most often chaotic and almost like full spectrum noise. \
	- Traditional audio effects are often created for a specific instrument. \
	- Produced music are most often very carefully recorded and designed, how can we mix the sound environment so they can be a coherent whole? \
\
\
\ul 2. Use-case\ulnone \
	- When/What context would people want to use this?\
\
\
\
Thinking of it again, I realized that if \'93Augmented Music\'94 were to be given to content creators, what we are offering in essense are the following:\
\
- The ability to control noise cancellation amount using custom envelopes.\
- Access to a live microphone stream that Ah-filters can be applied on top of\
- (Optional, but definitely important) A myriad of creative/pragmatic Ah-filters that can be tweaked and automated to suit the need of the music. I think this is where further partnerships can happen (Ableton, plugin makers)\
- A neat package/tool that can contain all of the above in an easy to use manner. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}